New blog post: 2023 H1 projects (#80)
openwebdocs/owd-website: pages/content/posts/owd-projects-h1-2023.md

The next day, [Dominique Hazaël-Massieux](https://www.w3.org/People/Dom/) came up with [the mdn-gaps tool](https://dontcallmedom.github.io/mdn-gaps/), which does just that.

This enabled us to start a project to document all Web/API features that are supported in at least three browser engines. We split this into phases:

- [the first phase](https://github.com/openwebdocs/project/issues/152) includes all features except those that relate to the HTML and SVG specs, that are often reflections in JavaScript of attributes in those languages.
- [the second phase](https://github.com/openwebdocs/project/issues/153) includes the HTML and SVG features.

In H1 we completed the first phase, adding over 100 new reference pages to MDN, including topics in such diverse and important APIs as [web components](https://github.com/mdn/content/pull/25649), [service workers](https://github.com/mdn/content/pull/24494), and [file handling](https://github.com/mdn/content/pull/25621).

> This project also has its own standalone post: see [Documenting missing interoperable web features](http://localhost:8080/content/posts/complete-interop-features/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This project also has its own standalone post: see [Documenting missing interoperable web features](http://openwebdocs.org/content/posts/complete-interop-features/).
```

To get an idea of what kind of content to add, we used the [Divio documentation system](https://documentation.divio.com/) which describes four different types of documentation, that each perform a different function. The Divio system is - we think - one of those ideas that is so useful, that when you hear it, you wonder why you never thought of it before.

We've never really used Divio on MDN, because most of our work is on reference docs only. But the progressive web apps project added mostly learning material, such as guides and tutorials, and we found the Divio system very helpful in planning our work. We added [explanations](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/Progressive_web_apps/Guides), [how-to pages](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/Progressive_web_apps/How_to), a new [tutorial](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/Progressive_web_apps/Tutorials/CycleTracker), and updated the existing [reference docs](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/Progressive_web_apps/Reference) where that was needed.

Patrick not only proposed the project, but helped plan it and wrote and reviewed a lot of the content.

## Performance API docs revamp

> This project was [originally proposed by Google in 2021](https://github.com/openwebdocs/project/issues/62), and saw us completely overhauling the reference documentation for the [Performance API](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Performance_API).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This project was [originally proposed by the Web Performance Working Group in 2021](https://github.com/openwebdocs/project/issues/62), and saw us completely overhauling the reference documentation for the [Performance API](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Performance_API).
```

This gives web developers a more accurate picture of the compatibility status of a feature, whether they use MDN, Caniuse, or some other application that integrates BCD.

## What's next?

We're currently [planning our H2 projects](https://github.com/openwebdocs/project/issues/171). As you might see from the list above, many of our projects are those proposed by our partners and the wider web developer community. We think OWD's super power is our connections with people like Dominique and Patrick, and we're very grateful for their engagement with us in this and other projects.

So if there are content projects you'd like to see us work on, we encourage you to [file a proposal](https://github.com/openwebdocs/project/issues/new?assignees=&labels=not+ready&projects=&template=owd-project.yml), and talk to us about it. If you want to work with us on it, either to specify the work or to help with writing, that's great too!

> Open Web Docs is a non-profit collective entirely funded by individual and corporate donors. We're very grateful to [everyone who sponsors us](https://opencollective.com/open-web-docs). We think the projects we completed in H1, and those we plan for the future, will help web developers to build exciting applications to serve their users better. If you think so too, please consider sponsoring us, or asking your employer to.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Open Web Docs is a non-profit collective entirely funded by individual and corporate donors. We're very grateful to [everyone who sponsors us](https://openwebdocs.org/sponsors/). We think the projects we completed in H1, and those we plan for the future, will help web developers to build exciting applications to serve their users better. If you think so too, please consider sponsoring us, or asking your employer to.
```
